# Generation Runner

A VR fitness app concept: the runner / cyclist / paddler experiences different times and places and gamified personalized workouts.

# Concept 1

Screenshots generated with Nano Banana 2, these are less photorealistic.

# Concept 2

Series of scenes generated by Google Flow + Google Veo 3 Lite, Fast, Quality models.
The generation got stuck at after this 4th scene and was not able to add more scenes.

See YouTube video: https://youtu.be/0l-LvcGm3_o

# Submission

After many iterations to simplify wording I was able to generate consecutive scenes showcasing teleporting to different times and places. However the mode was not able to keep the original HUD arrangement and kept losing parts after the 3rd-4th scene all the way to lose it all together. Let's chalk that up to the "full immersive" game mode where the athlete is not distracted by any numbers and just enjoys the experience.

See YouTube video: https://youtu.be/1v0w4FITF9M

# Future

I plan to leverage world models like Google Genie 3 project to potentially generate traversable 3D worlds on the fly based on user preferences and real world data.

The game has a lot of room for brand collaborations: any sports apparel, hydration, nutrition, accessories, coaching companies, race promotions could advertise themselves in the scenery or any other creative way that enhances the user experience.

For example a New York based marathon could promote itself with a generated marathon course through the city streets: the user can run / cycle / paddle the course in VR.

Another example: a cycling apparel company could promote itself with a generated cycling course through the Alps: the user can run / cycle / paddle the course in VR. The scenery could be dotted with brand messaging such as the company's logo on billboards, banners, flags, etc. The gear itself could be branded, e.g. the user could be wearing the company's cycling kit.
